chore: remove tracking and export config variable to env file (#4)
GitSquared/uma: README.md

This is a basic managed expo app, and there are a few scripts in `package.json` that should help you find your way.

> You need to add some secrets by copying the `.env.example` to `.env` and adding you [mapbox access token](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/getting-started/access-tokens/).

Reviewer: wording nitpick

```suggestion
You need to provide your own secrets to access the map through [Mapbox](https://docs.mapbox.com/help/getting-started/access-tokens/) and provide support for other map services like snap-to-road path tracing. Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and set them up there.
```
